TITLE: Infertility
SOURCE: Google Drive (Infertility - Mark Wolf)
GMAIL_THREAD: none (Drive only)
STATUS: ready_to_draft

---

Before infertility became a separate specialty, I used to see many patients with fertility issues. Usually we would start doing a work-up after they had been trying to get pregnant for over a year.

One day, a very attractive young woman came to my office stating that she had been trying for over a year to conceive, but so far had no luck.

Our usual work-up started with a long series of questions: age, menstrual history, medical history, family history, sexual history, and so on. After an extensive personal history, I said, "We now need to talk about your partner."

"That's easy," she said. "I'm gay."

I laughed and said: "Aha. That explains your fertility problem."

She was no longer smiling, and I think she had a slight look of contempt.

"I know that, but I have a friend who, 'out of the goodness of his heart,' comes over to help me when I think I'm fertile."

"Well, we still need to evaluate him," I said. "He may be the one with a fertility problem."

"No, no, no! He doesn't have a problem. He's fathered three children."

"Well, we still need to evaluate him. He could have developed a problem, or you could have antibodies to his sperm. Or he could have some other medical issue."

"No, he's in good health. In fact, you delivered his children. His wife's name is—"

She gave me his name. (Redacted for patient privacy.)

It only took a minute to remember the last delivery. The first two had been very easy—short labors and spontaneous deliveries. But the third was difficult: a long labor and a forceps delivery. Throughout that labor, the wife had insisted her husband was getting a vasectomy. And she confirmed that he had indeed had the procedure during her six-week postpartum checkup.

Well, I couldn't tell my patient about the vasectomy—that would be a HIPAA violation—so I suggested we get a semen analysis. He would need to bring a specimen to the lab so we could check for viable, normally motile sperm.

"I don't think he'll do that," she said.

"Well, we could do a post-coital test. It's very simple—all you have to do is have intercourse and come to the office and we can check your vaginal secretions for sperm."

She seemed to like that idea. But sadly, I never got to see her again.

I didn't even get a chance to tell her I had a very good heart!
