TITLE: Drugs and Me
SOURCE: Google Drive (Drugs and Me - Mark Wolf)
GMAIL_THREAD: none (Drive only)
STATUS: ready_to_draft

---

I led a fairly sheltered life, and as a result I never had much contact with drugs.

Marijuana was fairly popular when I was in medical school, but I had no exposure. The fact that I was naive came out one day when one of my classmates grabbed a hemostat and said, "Man, this would make a great roach clip."

My response merely asked why anyone would want to hold a live cockroach.

Fast forward about twenty-five years. I had just gotten divorced and was dating a young, beautiful woman. I still wasn't averse to marijuana, so when she suggested a nice dinner and smoking a joint, I was excited about how the date might turn out.

Things started out as planned—a great dinner and then dessert. We started smoking, and as time progressed I became more and more relaxed. We were smokin' and jokin' and I thought things were great. Great, that is, until we were getting undressed and I started backing off.

"What's the matter, baby?" she cooed.

"Nothing," I responded. (Note: this is my standard response when everything is the matter.)

She started again, nuzzling and kissing me, but when she touched my manhood—let me know if translation is needed—I knocked her hand out of the way, jumped out of the bed, and started getting dressed.

"What's with you?" she demanded to know.

"I know what's with you, and it ain't gonna happen."

"What do you think is happening?"

"You want to have sex," I replied.

"Yes I do! You—"

"Ain't gonna happen," I interrupted.

"And why not?"

"'Cause I know what you're doing."

"And what is that?"

This argument went on for an interminable amount of time until she started shrieking at me. "What the fuck is your problem?"

"It's not my problem. I just know your plan—you're wearing a female condom so that when we have sex you'll have the evidence, and you'll report it to the police. You'll claim I raped you and I'll be thrown in jail."

Fortunately, she started laughing.

Who says marijuana doesn't cause paranoia?
